---
category: '1'
number: '03'
title: Disrupting All The Things
subtitle: >
    MOOCs! Watches! Shoes!, The Cult of Disruption, Technological Imperialism,
    Recognizing Tech's Limitations
date: 2014-07-29 07:00
Tags: [economics, ethics, technology]
---

### Show Notes

In which we look (rather critically) at the tech sphere's tendency to assume
everything not only can but should be disrupted. Snarky asides on smartwatches
and smartshoes segue into a discussion of the necessity of humility and the
importance of recognizing what technology *cannot* do and what it *should* not
do.

*Note:* by "disruption" we are focused not on the particular concept developed
by Clay Christensen, but on the popular view of the word. We are aware of the
distinction, but decided to set it aside for the purposes of this particular
episode.

  - [MOOCs]\: Massively Open Online Courses

[MOOCs]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massive_open_online_course

#### Chapters

  - Intro (2:09)
  - MOOCs! Watches! Shoes! (2:09--9:06)
  - The Cult of Disruption (9:06--15:32)
  - Technological Imperialism (15:32--21:22)
  - Recognizing Tech's Limitations (21:22--27:36)
  - Conclusion (27:36--28:36)

### Music

  - "Cado Año (Version Two)", from [_For Tomorrow Will Worry About Itself_], by Fiery Crash. Used by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"], by Chris Krycho. Used by dint of being written the show.

[_For Tomorrow Will Worry About Itself_]: //fierycrash.bandcamp.com/album/for-tomorrow-will-worry-about-itself-ep
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

  - Chris' friend Kyle West, now self-publishing successfully:
      + [website](//kylewestwriter.wordpress.com/)
      + [Twitter](//twitter.com/kylewestwriter)
      + [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/kyledangerwest/about)

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [Twitter](//www.twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
  - [RSS Feed](//www.winningslowly.org/feed.xml)
