---
category: '1'
number: '04'
title: Superhero Movies!
subtitle: >
    Reboots, Copying the Other Guy, Not Learning From Failure, The Gold Standard
date: 2014-08-05 07:00
tags: art
---

### Show Notes

In which we talk about superhero movies as context for dealing well and poorly
with success and failure. And geek out about superhero movies. (Honestly, we
mostly just geek out about superhero movies.) But along the way, we do note that
DC, Marvel, Sony, and Fox have dealt with their successes and failures in some
radically different ways, and note some ways in which we might all learn from
our superhero friends.

Also, we unabashedly make mistakes ourselves, own them, and laugh at them. One
of them might even be after the theme music at the end.

#### Chapters

  - Intro (1:23)
  - Marvel/DC/Sony/Fox (1:23--5:22)
  - Reboots (5:22--8:53)
  - Copying the Other Guy (8:53--15:34)
  - Not Learning From Failure (15:34--19:25)
  - The Gold Standard (19:25--28:12)
  - Conclusion (28:12--29:28)
  - "You Just Forgot to Do the Other Half of That" (29:28--29:39)

### Music

  - "Break Away", from [_A Million Miles Away_], by Afterlife Parade. Used by
    permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"], by Chris Krycho. Used because he's actually a
    superhero?

[_A Million Miles Away_]: //afterlifeparade.bandcamp.com/album/a-million-miles-away
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

  - [X-Men on Wikipedia][xmen]
  - [Kevin Feige's master plan for the Marvel Universe]
  - [Star Wars trailer cut to the beats of the Guardians of the Galaxy trailer]

[xmen]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X-Men_(film_series)
[master plan]: //www.wired.com/2013/08/kevin-feige-marvel-dc-movies/all/
[sw]: //www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLyNMSkTiGg

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [Twitter](//www.twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
  - [RSS Feed](//www.winningslowly.org/feed.xml)
