---
category: '1'
number: '05'
title: Ars Moriendi
subtitle: This Is An Orchestra, Those Lyrics, You Have to Go Through Death
date: 2014-08-12 07:00
tags: art, Christianity, ethics
---

***Warning:*** this episode touches on some *very* difficult topics, including
both death in general and suicide in particular. If these are especially
sensitive topics for you, we recommend you skip this episode. Maybe go back and
listen to [_Superhero Movies!_][1.04] instead.

[1.04]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.04/

### Show Notes

In which we talk about The Collection's new album, _Ars Moriendi_ ("The Art of
Dying"). We cover the musicality of the album itself, then dive into the way it
wrestles with hard topics in a faithfully Christian way without either
succumbing to despair or giving into the lure of trite and reductionistic
answers. We talk about what good art is and does and how utilitarianism is a
fundamental misstep in the making of good art, and we note that culture at large
and evangelical subculture could do with a great deal more of this sort of
thoughtful reflection on death.

#### Chapters

  - Intro ("The Gown of Green") (0:30--3:09)
  - This Is An Orchestra (3:09--12:03)
  - "Broken Tether" (12:03--13:47)
  - Those Lyrics (13:47--20:48)
  - You Have to Go Through Death (20:48--28:33)
  - Conclusion (28:33--29:48)
  - Instrumental Break (29:48--30:01)

### Music

<iframe style="border: 0; width: 100%; height: 120px;" src="//bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer/album=3658571573/size=large/bgcol=ffffff/linkcol=0687f5/tracklist=false/artwork=small/transparent=true/" seamless><a href="//thecollection.bandcamp.com/album/ars-moriendi">Ars Moriendi by the Collection</a></iframe>

  - "The Gown of Green" and "Broken Tether" from [_Ars Moriendi_] by The
    Collection: used by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"] by Chris Krycho: used because while it's not as
    wonderful as _Ars Moriendi_, it *was* written just for the show.

[_Ars Moriendi_]: //thecollection.bandcamp.com/album/ars-moriendi "Ars Moriendi on Bandcamp"
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

  - [_Ars Moriendi_] on Bandcamp. Seriously, why haven't you gone and bought this album yet?
  - [Episode 0.06 -- Romans: The Movie][0.06], in which Chris and Stephen talked
    at length about the question of good art.

[0.06]: //www.winningslowly.org/0.06/

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
