Number: 01
Title: We Need Some Context!
Subtitle: Religious twittering, Google nesting, and hobbyists careering.
Date: 2014-01-21 08:00
Status: draft
Author: Chris Krycho, Stephen Carradini
Tags: Christianity, Social Media
M4A: /
MP3: /

In which we talk about how context shapes (or *should*) shape our decisions regarding technology.

- John Piper and Pope Francis on Twitter
- Google acquiring Nest and the ensuing internet freakout
- Intentionally unprofitable bands and the changing shape of music industry

### Links

- [@JohnPiper](/twitter.com/johnpiper)
- [@Pontifex](/twitter.com/pontifex)
- [Google Can Buy Nest, But It Can't Buy Our Trust](http://www.wired.com/opinion/2014/01/google-didnt-just-acquire-nest-annexed-whole-new-territory/)

    > We need to question what it means for people to have relationships with devices and services coming out of well-funded, fledging startups — especially when those startups reach beyond the digital into the physical world. Companies like Nest raise the bar for what’s needed in trustful relationships. It’s one thing for the economics of startup exits to ignore users in a digital space. But in a physical space, those “users” are people who are harder to ignore, because their relationships with the service is in part physical. Physical trust, let alone loyalty, can’t be transferred on someone else’s whim.

- [Every Data Point is Sacred](/medium.com/tech-talk/e0bd2ec66ce8): Article about home security and data surveillance
- [The Exploit](/www.amazon.com/The-Exploit-Networks-Electronic-Mediations/dp/0816650446): Book on network theory
- [Controlled Burn Records](/controlledburnrecords.com/)
- [Nonagon](/nonagon.us)

