---
number: '14'
title: Deep in Their Bones
subtitle: >
    Tech Companies Which Just Can't Pivot, Denominations Don't Change Fast
    Either, Dealing in Institutional Realities
date: 2014-05-20 07:00
tags: Christianity, technology, art
---

### Show Notes

In which we talk about how watching companies like Google, Apple, and Facebook
try to "pivot"---that is, attempting (and usually failing) to do something
outside their core areas of competency---highlights the difficulty of
institutional change in general. We apply this idea to everything from the
strengths and weaknesses of different Christian denominations to the way
structural change occurs in the government.

A few explanatory comments:

  - Yes, we're fully aware that the PCA (to which Stephen belongs) has *lots* of
    missionaries on the field, and that Southern Baptists' (of which Chris is
    one) views on alcohol are a great deal more complicated than just generic
    grumpiness. But those details are less important to the particular
    discussion we were having today.
  - "The most open of [the Creative Commons licenses]" (from when Stephen's mind
    blanked trying to refer to it at the end of the show) is the Attribution 4.0
    license. Read more about it [here][license].

[license]: //www.winningslowly.org/licenses.html

#### Chapters

  - Intro (1:32)
  - Tech Companies (1:32--8:16)
  - Denominations Don't Change Fast Either (8:16--14:26)
  - Dealing in Institutional Realities (14:26--23:06)
  - Conclusion (23:06--24:24)

### Music

  - ["Sandbridge"](//willcopps.bandcamp.com), from _Places_, by Brittany
    Jean and Will Copps. Used by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"](//soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly),
    by Chris Krycho. Used because it's awesome! (You know it's true.)

### Links

Things we mentioned in the show---news, books, articles, etc.

  - [Report: Google to end forced G+ integration, drastically cut division resources](//arstechnica.com/gadgets/2014/04/report-google-to-end-forced-g-integration-drastically-cut-division-resources/) (from Ars Technica)
  - [Facebook buying Oculus VR for $2 billion](//www.theverge.com/2014/3/25/5547456/facebook-buying-oculus-for-2-billion) (from The Verge)
  - [Apple reportedly nearing $3.2B acquisition of Beats Electronics](//appleinsider.com/articles/14/05/08/apple-reportedly-nearing-32-billion-buy-for-beats-electronics) (from Apple Insider)
  - [_Culture Making_](//www.amazon.com/Culture-Making-Recovering-Creative-Calling-ebook/dp/B001IDYIMY/), Andy Crouch
  - [_To Change the World_](//www.amazon.com/Change-World-Tragedy-Possibility-Christianity-ebook/dp/B003TWNDVY/), James Davison Hunter
