---
number: '11'
title: We Need Life Editors
subtitle: >
    I Am Awesome At This, Actually It Was a Robot in a Dream, Lone Rebel Genius,
    Hip Motion is for Losers
date: 2014-09-23 07:00
tags: art, friendship
---

### Show Notes

In which we geek out about _Doctor Who_... and do our best to say something
meaningful about the necessity of people who can tell us what we're getting
wrong in life, and who can be strong where we have weaknesses.

#### Correction

We said only one episode of new Doctor Who has won a Hugo. We were *dreadfully*
wrong: the show has won *six* Hugos since the revival in 2006.

Whoops.

#### Recommended Moffat Episodes of _Doctor Who_

  - "The Empty Child" and "The Doctor Dances"
  - "The Girl in the Fireplace"
  - "Blink"
  - "Silence in the Library" and "Forest of the Dead"
  - "The Day of the Doctor" (fiftieth anniversary special)

#### Chapters

  - Intro (1:10)
  - I Am Awesome At This (1:10--7:03)
  - Actually It Was a Robot in a Dream (7:03--14:48)
  - Lone Rebel Genius (14:48--20:38)
  - Hip Motion is for Losers (20:38--25:04)
  - Conclusion (25:04--26:30)
  - Things We Cut. Yep. (26:30--27:08)

### Music

  - ["Doctor Who Theme"], by Ron Grainer, arranged by Murray Gold. We're pretty confident this goes under Fair Use.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"] by Chris Krycho. No dance beat today, sorry.

["Doctor Who Theme"]: //itunes.apple.com/us/album/doctor-who-theme-tv-version/id211202668?i=211202676
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links/Notes

In which we link to neat things you might like.

  - [Allergic to Consensus] -- Real Life Comics by Greg Dean
  - ["What to do when you disagree with your editor"][we] -- Writing Excuses, Season 9, Episode 35
  - Previously on the show: [1.04 Superhero Movies!][1.04]

[Allergic to Consensus]: //reallifecomics.com/?comic=august-26-2014
[we]: //www.writingexcuses.com/2014/08/24/writing-excuses-9-35-what-to-do-when-you-disagree-with-your-editor/
[1.04]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.04/

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
