---
number: '13'
title: Hello Ello?
subtitle: >
    Definitely Still a Beta, That's Not a Gift, How People React to News, A
    Working Business Model
date: 2014-10-14 08:30
tags: ethics, social media, technology
---

### Show Notes

In which we talk about new social media player [Ello]---some initial
impressions, venture capital's influence in Silicon Valley and its *distinctive*
shape there vs. elsewhere, and thoughts on business model and communication.

[Ello]: //ello.co

#### Chapters

  - Intro (0:44)
  - Definitely Still a Beta (0:44--5:27)
  - That's Not a Gift (5:27--14:02)
  - How People React to News (14:02--22:32)
  - A Working Business Model (22:32--28:32)
  - Conclusion (28:32--30:04)
  - Outtake (30:04--30:10)

### Music

  - ["Aldebaran Serpent"] from [_Tower_] by Falcon Arrow. Used by permission.
    (Isn't that album art fantastic?)
  - ["Aldebaran Serpent"] from [_Tower_] by Falcon Arrow. Used by permission.
    (Isn't that album art fantastic?)

["Aldebaran Serpent"]: //falconarrow.bandcamp.com/track/aldebaran-serpent
[_Tower_]: //falconarrow.bandcamp.com/album/tower
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

Things we talked about on the show that we thought you might want to click a
lovely link and read about.

  - [Ello]
      + About:
          * [What is Ello?]
          * [Who Created Ello?]
          * [Ello Manifesto]\:

            > Your social network is owned by advertisers.
            >
            > Every post you share, every friend you make, and every link you
            > follow is tracked, recorded, and converted into data. Advertisers
            > buy your data so they can show you more ads. You are the product
            > that’s bought and sold. We believe there is a better way. We
            > believe in audacity. We believe in beauty, simplicity, and
            > transparency. We believe that the people who make things and the
            > people who use them should be in partnership.
            >
            > We believe a social network can be a tool for empowerment. Not a
            > tool to deceive, coerce, and manipulate -- but a place to connect,
            > create, and celebrate life.
            >
            > You are not a product.

          * [Ello Doesn't Have Ads]

      + Criticism:
          * Aral Balkan: ["Ello, goodbye."][goodbye]
          * Ello user [Andy Baio (@waxpancake)][baio] on Ello's
            [venture capital][baio-vc]
          * [fresh Tracks Capital]
              - [Their information page on Ello][freshtracks ello]

      + Ello's and freshTrack's responses:
          * [Ello Founder Says VC Funding Is No Big Secret: ‘That’s Silly’][vc]
          * [Ello investor, co-founder: Funding or not, we hate ads and we want
            to “shift values”][hate ads]
          * [Ello Cofounder: ‘We Have NO Exit Strategy’][no exit]
          * Ben Thompson: ["Ello and Consumer Friendly Business Models"][bt]

      + The Vox: ["31,000 people an hour are joining the social network Ello.
        The anti-Facebook, explained."][vox]
      + [86: Moving the Party to the Bar Down the Block][atp]
      + ["Considering the audience"] -- Chris' conversation with [@oluseyi]
        (and others) on Ello about iOS and Android

  - Other social networks attempting to break free of the ad-driven model:
      + [App.net]
      + [Tent.is/Cupcake.io]
      + [Diaspora]

  - [Markdown] -- a simple syntax for writing text for the web.
      + [Chris' post on using Markdown for academic writing][academic-md]

  - Previously on the show:
      + [0.04: Tell Me What to Do][0.04]---on Editorially and startup business
        models, and also on bands making genre shifts.
      + [0.13: Ten Thousandth Lightbulb][0.13]---on App.net, social media, and
        funding models.
      + [1.07: They Both Start With T?][1.07]---on Taylor Swift, Twitter, and
        messaging.
      + [1.11: We Need Life Editors][1.11]---in which we inveighed gainst the
        going-it-alone approach to the arts.

[What is Ello?]: //ello.co/wtf/post/about-ello
[Who Created Ello?]: //ello.co/wtf/post/founders
[Ello Manifesto]\: //ello.co/wtf/post/manifesto
[Ello Doesn't Have Ads]: //ello.co/wtf/post/why-no-ads
[goodbye]: //aralbalkan.com/notes/ello-goodbye/
[baio]: //ello.co/waxpancake
[baio-vc]: //ello.co/waxpancake/post/oy73kFfDdhOPh8Jv9z9pFA
[fresh Tracks Capital]: //www.freshtrackscap.com/
[freshtracks ello]: //www.freshtrackscap.com/fund-iii-companies/Ello
[vc]: //betabeat.com/2014/09/ello-founder-says-vc-funding-is-no-big-secret-thats-silly/
[hate ads]: //gigaom.com/2014/09/25/ello-investor-co-founder-funding-or-not-we-hate-ads-and-we-want-to-shift-values/
[no exit]: //betabeat.com/2014/09/ello-cofounder-we-have-no-exit-strategy/
[bt]: //stratechery.com/2014/ello-consumer-friendly-business-models/
[vox]: //www.vox.com/2014/9/26/6844633/what-is-ello-should-i-care
[atp]: //atp.fm/episodes/86
["Considering the audience"]: //ello.co/chriskrycho/post/n4U3NdHR_gqBVj64YE075A
[@oluseyi]: //ello.co/oluseyi
[App.net]: //app.net/
[Tent.is/Cupcake.io]: //cupcake.io
[Diaspora]: //joindiaspora.com
[Markdown]: //daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/
[academic-md]: //2012-2013.chriskrycho.com/web/markdown-and-academic-writing/

[0.04]: //www.winningslowly.org/0.04/
[0.13]: //www.winningslowly.org/0.13/
[1.07]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.07/
[1.11]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.11/

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
  - [Ello](//ello.co/winningslowly)
  - [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
