---
number: '14'
title: Buying Me Off With Warm Fuzzies
subtitle: >
    No One Would Be Left, Drop the Big Bombs, To Power Their Evil Machines
    of Death
date: 2014-10-21 08:00
tags: art, economics, ethics
---

*Note:* if you downloaded this episode before 8:45pm Eastern time on
October 21, 2014, you should re-download it. Chris made an error in
mixing it together, leading to his and Stephen’s audio being slightly
out of sync for the entire episode (!), which has since been fixed. If
you downloaded it after that time, you’re good to go!

### Show Notes

In which we ask: "Who funds the arts? And how does that impact the
artist ethically?" Corporations, individuals, and governments all have
distinct downsides as revenue streams for artists, and corporations and
governments in particular can be problematic for both artists and
consumers in the ways they complicate the expression of artistic intent.

#### Chapters

  - Intro (1:13)
  - No One Would Be Left (1:13--8:56)
  - Drop the Big Bombs (8:56--17:14)
  - To Power Their Evil Machines of Death (17:14--27:21)
  - Conclusion (27:21--29:34)
  - Bloopers (29:34--30:04)

### Music

  - ["Love Me Back"] by Seer Group. Used by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"] by Chris Krycho. Used by extra special super neat
    permission?

["Love Me Back"]: //seergroup.bandcamp.com/album/love-me-back-single
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

  - [Who Funds the arts and why we should care][fund]
  - [National Endowment for the Arts][NEA]
      - [Controversy]
      - ["Piss Christ"]
  - [_Deepwater Horizon_ oil spill][bp] (British Petroleum)
  - [_Exxon Valdez_ oil spill][exxon]
  - ["Kitsch"]
  - Fritz Lang
      + [Leaving Germany][emigration]
      + [_The Incomparable_ #79: "Everything Sounds Beautiful in German"][german]
  - Previous episodes relevant to the discussion/mentioned directly on the show:
      + [1.07: They Both Start With T?][1.07]
      + [1.05: _Ars Moriendi_][1.05]

[fund]: //www.ft.com/cms/s/2/4313691c-3513-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3DzkmMdfv
[NEA]: //arts.gov
[Controversy]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Endowment_for_the_Arts#Controversy
["Piss Christ"]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piss_Christ
[bp]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deepwater_Horizon_oil_spill
[exxon]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exxon_Valdez_oil_spill
["Kitsch"]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kitsch
[emigration]: //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fritz_Lang#Emigration
[german]: //5by5.tv/incomparable/80

[1.05]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.05/
[1.07]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.07/

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
  - [Ello](//ello.co/winningslowly)
  - [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)
