---
number: 1.17
category: 1
title: Love/Hate Relationship
subtitle: >
    SCIENCE Drives Policy!, Elitist, Protectionist, Obstructionist,
    Obscurantist?, Pressures and Responsibilities All Around
date: 2014-11-11 07:00
author: Chris Krycho and Stephen Carradini
tags: science, ethics
...

### Show Notes

In which we talk about science journalism---the ways in which it is sometimes
broken, the reasons why it ends up broken in those cases, and the
responsibilities of scientists, scientific journalists, and the science-reading
public in publishing and interpreting scientific findings. Science is hard.
Reporting on it is hard. Making policy on it is hard. And we need all of them.

#### Chapters

  - Intro (1:27)
  - SCIENCE Drives Policy! (1:27--8:02)
  - Elitist, Protectionist, Obstructionist, Obscurantist? (8:02--17:14)
  - Pressures and Responsibilities All Around (17:14--24:10)
  - Conclusion (24:10--25:12)
  - Funny Things We Cut (25:12--25:22)

### Music

  - ["Where I Go"], by [Pistol Shrimp]. Used by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"] by Chris Krycho. Who still gets it stuck in his
    head every time he edits the show.

["Where I Go"]: //soundcloud.com/pistol-shrimp/where-i-go/s-56M1k
[Pistol Shrimp]: //www.officialpistolshrimp.com
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

Things we referenced on the show.

  - ['Climate Science is Not Settled][not settled], by Steven E. Koonin, in the
    Wall Street Journal---*not* a global warming denier, it should be noted.
  - ['No Evidence for or Against Gravitational Waves'][gravity]
  - Previous episodes:
      + [1.08 How Victor Hugo Could Afford to Live][1.08]
      + [1.15 Timelessishness][1.15]

[not settled]: //online.wsj.com/articles/climate-science-is-not-settled-1411143565
[gravity]: //www.nature.com/news/no-evidence-for-or-against-gravitational-waves-1.15322
[1.08]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.08/
[1.15]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.15/

#### Follow/Subscribe

  - [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
  - [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
  - [Ello](//ello.co/winningslowly)
  - [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
  - [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)

