---
number: 1.18
category: 1
title: Keep On Keepin' On
subtitle: >
    People Taking Pictures With iPhones, Whether or Not It Pays Off, What Do 
    You Think?
date: 2014-11-18 07:00
author: Chris Krycho and Stephen Carradini
tags: technology
...

### Show Notes

In which we talk about iPhone cameras, long-term thinking in general---including
the kind that lets you keep going even when no one in your lifetime gets what
you're doing---and finally some thoughts on the first (non-beta) season of
Winning Slowly.

#### Chapters

  - Intro (0:53)
  - People Taking Pictures With iPhones (0:53--10:12)
  - Whether or Not It Pays Off (10:12--19:38)
  - What Do *You* Think? (19:38--25:05)
  - Conclusion (25:05--26:29)
  - A Mistake (26:29--26:40)

### Music

  - ["Absent Within Skies"] from [_Value to Survival_] by [Speak, Memory]---used
    by permission.
  - ["Winning Slowly Theme"] by Chris Krycho---used even though it still doesn't
    have a dance groove under it. Someday, kids. Someday.

["Absent Within Skies"]: //speakmemoryok.bandcamp.com/track/absent-within-skies
[_Value to Survival_]: //speakmemoryok.bandcamp.com
[Speak, Memory]: //www.facebook.com/speakmemoryok
["Winning Slowly Theme"]: //soundcloud.com/chriskrycho/winning-slowly

### Links

  - [iPhone camera evolution: How does the iPhone 6 camera compare to previous 
    iPhone cameras?][evolution] -- Lisa Bettany of [Camera+].
  - The iPhone 6 camera reviewed by shooting crazy good pictures in Iceland:
      + [The Ultimate Photoshoot: On Location With the iPhone 6 and 6 
        Plus][verge] -- Austin Mann at The Verge.
      + [iPhone 6 Plus Camera Review: Iceland][iceland] -- Mann at his own
        website with even *more* spectacular photos.
  - Previous episodes mentioned on the show:
      + [1.10: Because Capitalism Yay!][1.10]---on the death of the iPod
        Classic.
      + [1.05: _Ars Moriendi_][1.05]---in which we reviewed The Collection's
        glorious album.
      + [1.02: On Family][1.02]---where we said we think people shouldn't run
        themselves into the ground.

[evolution]: //snapsnapsnap.photos/how-does-the-iphone-6-camera-compare-to-previous-iphone-cameras/
[Camera+]: //campl.us
[verge]: //www.theverge.com/2014/9/18/6339583/iphone-6-and-6-plus-camera-test-iceland
[iceland]: //austinmann.com/trek/iphone-6-plus-camera-review-iceland

[1.02]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.02/
[1.05]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.05/
[1.10]: //www.winningslowly.org/1.10/

#### Follow/Subscribe

- [iTunes](//itunes.apple.com/us/podcast/winning-slowly/id807603957?mt=2)
- [App.net](//alpha.app.net/winningslowly)
- [Ello](//ello.co/winningslowly)
- [Twitter](//twitter.com/winningslowly)
- [Facebook](//www.facebook.com/winningslowlypodcast)

#### Contact

- Both of us: contact [at] winningslowly [dot] org
- Each of us individually:
    - chris [at] winningslowly [dot] org
    - stephen [at] winningslowly [dot] org
